Validation Bulk Fixes (#223)
MicrosoftDocs/bingmaps-docs: BingMaps/spatial-data-services/query-api/query-by-id.md

---
title: "Query by ID | Microsoft Docs"

> description: Learn hot to query by ID with the spatial data services query API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Describes how to search a data source for one or more entities by entity ID using the spatial data services query API.
```
